[theme music]
[seagulls cawing]
[bell dings]
[rattles]
[shutter clicks]
[seagulls cawing]
[Seong-hyeon] Hye-jin.
Yeah?
When I'm back in Gongjin,
would you want to get together?
Get together?
[chuckles]
Yeah, sure. I'd love to.
Oh, good. Let's do it then.
And I have something to tell you.
Yeah?
-[sweet melodic music]
-[crickets creaking]
Oh, they fixed the light.
Hello? Hye-jin, are you still there?
Ah! Yes, I'm here.
Just give me a call when you're back here.
I'll treat you to a meal.
Okay. See you soon, then.
Yeah. Drive safely, all right?
-Mm-hm.
-See ya.
[phone beeps]
[sighs]
[music fades]
[door lock beeps, opens]
[ominous music]
[gasps]
[stutters]
Who are you?
Who, who said that it was okay
for you to come in?
We have a home security system.
[snickers]
-The police will be here in soon.
-I know you don't have one.
It was installed yesterday.
-What are you doing with your phone?
-Huh?
Calling someone?
[screams]
[Hye-jin whimpers]
[Hye-jin breathes nervously]
[man scoffs]
No one's gonna help you now.
[door lock beeping]
Wait…
-Don't make a sound.
-[Hye-jin exhales sharply]
[breathes heavily]
[sighs]
[man shrieks, groans]
It's a great night to take down
a pervert, isn't it?
-[tense music]
-[man groaning]
-[moans]
-Ms. Dentist. You all right?
-[Du-sik] Did he hurt you?
-No.
-You're good then? You're okay?
-[Hye-jin] I'm just so scared.
-[breathing nervously]
-[phone chimes]
[Du-sik] Yes,
this is 14 Abnaru-gil, Gongjin-dong.
-[man screams angrily]
-Look out!
-[knife pierces]
-[Du-sik groans]
Chief Hong!
[Hye-jin screams]
[grunting]
[Du-sik groans]
[upbeat music]
[grunting]
[Du-sik panting]
[Du-sik screams in pain]
[Hye-jin] Chief Hong!
-[grunts]
-[man groans]
[upbeat music continues]
[groaning]
[breathing heavily]
[panting]
[exhales heavily]
[breathing heavily]
-[Lieutenant Kim] Unbelievable.
-[woman 1] So what happened?
[Lieutenant Kim]
It was the damn pervert over here.
[woman 2] Oh, they caught a pervert.
-[siren wailing]
-[indistinct chattering]
[Seong-hyeon panting]
-[woman 3] Ah! That was a close one.
-[woman 1] I know.
He should rot in jail.
Watch your head. Get in.
-[woman 4] Can you believe it?
-[woman 2] Oh, wow.
Did you… Do you know him?
-[sirens wailing]
-[villagers murmuring]
[breathing heavily]
[woman 5] The police took him away.
Let's go home.
EPISODE 10
[doctor] There wasn't any nerve damage,
so stitches will do the trick.
I'll be right back to check on you both.
Thank you so much, doctor.
-[curtain closes]
-[Hye-jin sighs]
I'm glad that's over.
-So does it hurt?
-Of course, it does.
Even just a papercut would sting,
but with a big knife this long,
11 inches long…
[sighs]
You poor man.
It was a paring knife, six inches across.
[scoffs]
Well, I thought you'd be more scared.
The doctor side is showing.
You're so calm already.
Your arm. Did he hurt you?
Oh, that. It's nothing.
What, are you serious?
[Du-sik] You're hurt. Let me see.
It really doesn't look good. Does it hurt?
How come you didn't say something
when the doctor came over?
It's not important. Yours is worse.
-[Du-sik sighs]
-[exhales sharply]
[crying]
Ms. Dentist.
[dramatic music]
What's wrong?
[sobs]
Gosh, I was so scared.
What kind of person
would fight a crazy stranger
with a knife in his hand?
[Du-sik] I was just…
I thought he was gonna hurt you.
[sobs, sniffles]
[Hye-jin] Seriously.
[breathing heavily]
Seong… Seong-hyeon?
Director Ji.
[Hye-jin] Oh.
Hye-jin, you all right?
[stutters]
How did you know I was here?
Uh, I'm… I, uh…
Well, I, I had to go and get something,
and then I saw police cars at your house.
I rushed over as soon as I heard
about you guys.
-Oh.
-[Seong-hyeon] So…
Chief Hong, were you hurt badly?
No, it's only a shallow cut.
But you seem more scared
than neither of us. Are you doing okay?
Uh, no, no, no, no. Yeah, oh, great.
[exhales heavily]
[Seong-hyeon] I was really worried.
I'm just so relieved you're both okay.
[exhales heavily]
Uh. Oh…
Uh, I had to come back, 'cause…
I forgot, uh, my tablet.
I need to, to start driving back
with all my gear.
Since I see that you're both okay,
I'll head out.
-This late? Is that a good idea?
-[Seong-Hyeon] Yeah.
You've had quite a night. Get some rest.
Chief Hong, Hye-jin needed you tonight.
Thank you.
It was nothing.
I'll go then.
[Hye-jin] Uh, wait. Hang on.
[sniffles]
Uh, Seong-hyeon--
We're ready for you.
I'm afraid only one visitor can stay.
Oh, okay.
Go see the doctor.
[Hye-jin] Will do.
[somber music]
[inhales, exhales heavily]
[Hye-jin] You jumped
in front of a guy with a knife,
but you're afraid of needles?
Anyone who has been burned by hot soup
flinches when they see it.
Thank you.
Where did that come from?
I realized I hadn't…
said "Thank you," out loud yet.
Well, maybe not out loud.
Look at me. You've had this look.
The look screams that you're grateful.
-That's completely ridiculous.
-[chuckles]
So where to then?
What?
I mean, tonight. You can't go back
and stay at the crime scene.
Oh, yeah.
[door opens]
[upbeat rhythmic music]
[exhales sharply]
Here we are. It's your…
Well, not your first time.
It's the third.
Hey, three is a lucky number.
Like the three delicacies
samseon jjajangmyeon…
and best-of-three…
Don't they say that the third daughter
is always the, the prettiest.
Yeah, right.
But it's better than
staying home alone tonight.
Ms. Pyo went to Seoul?
Yeah.
Well, then I guess, make yourself
at home, okay? And, uh, I'll be around.
I could use some clothes to change into.
Uh-huh.
Should I grab some from your house?
Or you could wear some of my clothes.
You think they'd fit?
Too small?
Or too large.
[drink pouring]
[whimsical music]
[upbeat rhythmic music]
All done?
-Your clothes are too big for me.
-No, they're not.
I'd say, they fit you like a glove.
I mean, whoa. Look at those shoulders.
My shoulders? No way. The shirt's huge.
Maybe, you have narrow shoulders
that's why it fits.
You always get the last word.
-[Du-sik] Anyway, drink this.
-Drink what now?
[Du-sik] Chamomile tea. It will help you
relax and get a good night's sleep.
Come on, while it's hot.
[scoffs]
Well, it'd better be good.
[slurping]
-What's this?
-Come on, leave it on.
It's easy to get cramps
when you're stressed.
[Du-sik] Your muscles could be in shock.
Why would I…
I don't need a blanket. It's really hot.
Thanks. I'm all set.
[clears throat]
[groans]
[Du-sik] I bet it's a cramp.
See? What was I just warning you about?
-[Hye-jin exhales heavily]
-Let's see.
-[Du-sik] Does this hurt?
-[groans]
What are you doing?
What? They're clean, right?
Of course, they're… Yes, they're clean.
That's great news. Now, stay still.
[Du-sik] It's just gonna get worse
if you don't treat it right away.
If you don't know what to do,
then be a cat.
Meow, meow, meow…
Lick your nose.
[Hye-jin scoffs]
Come on.
[groans]
You know what? I think I'll live.
Really? Okay?
-Mm-hm.
-[Du-sik claps]
[Hye-jin chuckles]
What's with the plates?
Are they significant for a memorial?
My grandpa.
When is it?
Tomorrow. Wait, no.
If it's past midnight, then, today.
[sniffles]
Uh, do you remember him very well?
No, I can't say that I do.
I wish I could remember
everything about him,
but it's faded away.
I lost his voice, his expressions, touch…
His hands were really rough, you know.
He was a sailor. He sold motor oil
after my parents passed away,
so I guess it's what you'd expect
from his work.
But his hands were just huge
and, and just warm.
I grew up with those hands.
I bet you were quite a handful
when you were little.
The boy in the photo
has "trouble" written on his face.
Bingo. I ran absolutely wild
all over the neighborhood.
I stole the squid the few old ladies
had carefully hung out to dry.
It was just right there.
Or played soccer in the sun all day
until I turned red like a lobster.
[chuckles]
Soccer?
Oh, yeah. I totally lived
to play that game.
Ah! And like you, I had a pair of shoes
I loved more than anything.
My cleats, blue.
[both chuckle]
Do you ever play now?
Uh, no. Not in a while.
I don't even watch.
How come?
[somber music]
[Du-sik] Soccer was the reason…
I was the reason…
my grandfather passed away.
He had a heart attack.
And no one was there to help.
If only I hadn't gone out…
to see the World Cup match.
Don't tell me that you think
he'd be around right now
if only you had stayed with him?
[somber music continues]
Those what-ifs will make you crazy.
There are too many variables
in this world.
Almost everyone is way out of our control.
There's no way you're responsible.
[exhales, clears throat]
You've thought like that
since you were a little kid, then?
Your grandpa must be furious
at you right now.
[music fades]
Wow, you think so?
Yeah, he would be.
I think this is the first time
you have opened up to me.
You're right.
You're only the second, um…
person I've told what happened.
I'm the second?
-[Hye-jin tummy rumbles]
-[laughs]
How could I forget…
Tea isn't enough, right?
All done?
I'm the second?
[somber acoustic music]
-[crickets creaking]
-[water gushing]
[somber acoustic music continues]
-Enjoy.
-[Seong-hyeon] Thank you.
Seong-hyeon,
I couldn't believe your show today.
Me either. Your voice is amazing.
Oh, thank you.
[chuckles]
-My gosh.
-Gosh, he's so handsome and cute.
He talked to us!
[girls giggling]
[indistinct chatter]
[Gang-uk] Babe, you look amazing today.
You should've dressed like this
when we first got together.
Hang on. Did you dress up for me?
Or… Oh! Is this part of, uh,
my birthday present?
-You'd like that.
-What?
Don't kid yourself.
This is all for myself. Not for your sake.
[Gang-uk scoffs]
Oh, really?
You heard me.
You can wear nothing
but expensive designers,
but you come off to the world
like the cheapest person,
and I want more than that.
[chuckles]
I'm cheap?
[scoffs]
I guess you were eavesdropping.
Okay, you have to let me explain.
Let's talk somewhere private.
No, thanks. I can't waste
any more time listening to you.
I've wasted enough in just three months.
Hye-jin! Hye-jin!
[groans]
[Gang-uk groaning]
["Be the Light" by Kim Jae Hwan playing]
[Gang-uk sighing]
[groaning]
[Hye-jin groans]
[exhales]
[Hye-jin exhales sharply]
Seong-hyeon.
[grunts]
[Seong-hyeon] One second.
[Seong-hyeon exhales]
[chuckles]
-[Hye-jin groans]
-[Seong-hyeon] There you go.
[sucks teeth]
Thank you, Seong-hyeon.
[Seong-hyeon] Those shoes are pretty.
You know,
I spent two months' salary for them.
My hands were shaking when I paid,
but I just went for it.
I realized that…
I had never bought anything for myself
just because…
That's good. You deserve a little present.
[sighs]
But then…
all pretty things have thorns, you know.
[Hye-jin] I wasn't expecting to see blood
on my first day of wearing them.
-Oh, hang on.
-[Hye-jin] What?
[Seong-hyeon clears throat]
-Here we go.
-Uh--
It'll be better if you
break them in. Yeah.
It's always tough at first.
Whether you're wearing shoes or dating.
[Seong-hyeon] There.
[chuckles]
Much better.
-Do you want lunch?
-Sounds great.
-Let's go.
-Okay.
["Be the Light" by Kim Jae Hwan playing]
[exhales heavily]
[slurping]
That's amazing.
Yeah, I'm aware.
I was only being polite
since you cooked it.
I don't know why you'd cook
with a bad arm, though?
Well, I will never…
let you in my kitchen again.
-[Hye-jin] Really?
-[phone vibrating]
Is that your phone?
MI-SEON
[vibrating continues]
Oh, Mi-seon. You got out there okay?
-[Mi-seon] Yeah.
-How's your mother?
They just took her back
to the operating room.
Everyone says not to worry 'cause
it's not really anything too exciting.
I'm sure it'll go well, try and relax.
How are you? What are you up to?
I… you know, all's good here.
I'm, I'm just fine.
Don't hurry back, be with your mom
as long as you need to.
[Hye-jin] You're on indefinite leave.
[snorts]
I guess.
[exhales]
I should sign off.
OPERATION CENTER
See you later.
Mm-hm.
-[phone beeps]
-[Mi-seon sighs]
[Eun-cheol] Here, drink this.
-[Mi-seon] Thank you.
-Yeah.
[exhales sharply]
You should head home.
You have work tomorrow. I know.
It's my day off. And what about you?
Well, after my mom's surgery is done,
I'll stay until she wakes up
and leave when she's got
another kid of hers to watch her.
-Ah.
-Hye-jin said I could stay here.
I think I'll head out, though.
-Then, we should head out together.
-No.
Look, being up all night
would leave you exhausted.
Ah… And also, there's a chance
you'd run into my father.
That'd be all right.
I'm more worried about you than anything.
You must be exhausted,
so let's get a little bit of shuteye.
I'll wake you up as soon as
your mother comes out.
[chuckles]
[quirky music]
You've got to be sleepier
than me right now.
I'm used to working the late shift.
-[bottle pops loudly]
-[Mi-seon chuckles]
[chuckles]
So I'm not tired at all.
[light music]
[inhales, exhales heavily]
[music fades]
[Du-sik exhales]
Don't just stand there. Come lie down.
I feel bad about chasing an injured man
out of his own bed.
Think of it as a place
you can calm your nerves.
All right, then.
You don't think someone might
break in again, do you?
With me here?
Uh, no. Into my house.
Ah. If you want,
I'll install a front gate tomorrow.
What if someone climbs over it?
Then I'll put up a wire fence. Oh, no.
Let's place some mines.
I'm saying you can calm down.
-[loud clattering]
-[gasps]
Oh, my gosh!
[Hye-jin breathing nervously]
-What was that?
-[Du-sik chuckles]
-It was only the wind.
-The wind?
Ah, looks like
it's unusually strong tonight.
-Go on. Yeah.
-My goodness, it just came out of nowhere.
[loud howling]
-[Hye-jin gasps]
-Hey!
-[Hye-jin] What now?
-Hey, quiet down there, Bugyeong!
-Hey, Bugy…
-Who's Bugyeong?
[sighs]
That startled me.
-He's the fishing village chief's dog.
-Oh.
He must've eaten
something funny I suppose.
He's been howling like a wolf for a while.
-[Bugyeong howling]
-Oh.
-[Du-sik] Mm.
-[Hye-jin] Well, sweet dreams, Bugyeong.
-Good night.
-[Du-sik] Bugyeong…
-Go to sleep now.
-[Hye-jin] Sure.
I'll be outside.
[Hye-jin exhales]
[Hye-jin breathing heavily]
[Bugyeong howls]
[Du-sik] So you'd rather
stay up all night here?
What else can I do when I can't sleep?
You go to bed, though.
I'll put you to sleep in five seconds.
-But how?
-Lie down right there. There.
[Du-sik exhales]
Okay.
-[Hye-jin] Wait. Is that poetry?
-Mm.
For people like you
who aren't that well read,
this works like a charm.
Hey, I read a lot of books, you know.
Name one you really love in five seconds.
-Five--
-Just read it.
Here I go then.
Well…
[exhales]
You can keep listening
or sleep if you want.
"Doorkeeper"
"You can't be here
Saying that is my job
It is my job to deny your purpose
It is also my job to deny you
the next day again
And waiting here for you the next day
In order to deny you is also my job
It is my job to fall in love with you
While I'm waiting for you
The next day
Thus, denying my love…"
[deep inhale]
[Hye-jin] Chief Hong.
Who is
the first person you told
about your grandfather?
There was someone I, um…
Someone that had a kind heart.
Damn you.
-[snickers]
-[Bugyeong howling]
[snickering continues]
-[melodic music]
-[chuckling]
-[seagulls cawing]
-[waves gushing]
What? The pervert
that broke into Dr. Yoon's place
is the one who tried to go
and abduct Ms. Yu?
-[Hwa-jeong] Exactly.
-[Ju-ri] My gosh.
[Hwa-jeong] I just got back
from testifying at the police station.
-[Chun-jae] No way.
-Lieutenant Kim said
that he had 11 previous charges.
-What?
-Eleven prior charges?
They found a truckload
of women's clothes that he'd stolen.
Remember the red bra of mine I mentioned?
-He's the one that took it.
-[Mat-i shudders]
It was there beside all that other stuff
that dirty son of a bitch stole.
He must've been the one
who stole my dress then!
-[Nam-suk] Right.
-Oh, my.
When did that foul man come to live with
us here in Gongjin in the first place?
-Just over two months ago.
-[all gasp]
He was wandering around
since he first got out of jail.
Boy couldn't shake the habit.
-[Gam-ri] My goodness!
-That damn pervert!
He deserves to have
his limbs ripped piece by piece.
That son of a bitch deserves
all the hell on earth.
-I'll see that he--
-Could I even look at him
if I went to the station?
You, uh… are a fool. You…
Oh, is it Sunday? Why are you here?
There's class right now.
-Stop nagging me!
-Stop it!
-Yes, you should go to school.
-[babbles mockingly]
-You'll be late again.
-Hye-jin!
-[Chun-jae] What will I do with you?
-[panting]
I'll text you later,
so tell me all the details.
-[Ju-ri] Bye! See ya!
-[Nam-suk] Dr. Yoon!
-Dr. Yoon, are you all right?
-Uh, hi. Hi.
I was so shocked to hear what happened.
I heard he cut your arm with a knife.
It must have hurt you too.
-[chuckles]
-[Nam-suk] Oh, goodness. Dr. Yoon,
I'm so sorry, you haggard little thing.
-Are you all right?
-Ah! So again, rumors precede us.
-Now, for me, I'm fine. So don't worry.
-Mm.
And as you can see here,
Ms. Dentist seems fine too.
-Very well.
-Who are you to talk on my behalf?
-Ah.
-[Chun-jae] She's right. Be quiet.
So, anyway, I'm all right.
I'm sorry for concerning you all.
-Oh, no. As your landlady, I'm so ashamed.
-Mm.
[Hwa-jeong] I'll get you
a security system right away.
-[Chun-jae] Yeah, you should.
-Thank you so much.
In the meantime,
have this calming medicine.
Taking this when you've been startled
-will calm your heart right back down.
-[Chun-jae chuckles]
[Gam-ri] Have it now.
There. Go ahead.
-Thank you.
-[Gam-ri] Sure thing.
-[Gam-ri chuckles]
-There you go.
Chew and swallow.
I know that it tastes bitter.
Ms. Gam-ri, what about for this survivor?
-Well, I only had one at home.
-[Nam-suk chuckles]
I'll get you one later on.
Dr. Yoon, I brought this from my store.
[Yun-gyeong] Have some honey water.
-[gasps]
-What? Seriously? Where's mine? For real?
I just had one.
[chuckles]
Are you actually on your way to work now?
Shouldn't you be
taking the day off after this?
-[Yun-gyeong] That's right!
-I'm alone at the clinic, so…
Then stay right here. And I'll go get you
a cup of coffee, all right?
-Your favorite, iced Americano.
-Uh, no, it's all right.
It's no trouble at all, so wait here.
[Du-sik] What about me?
-Where's mine? Where's mine?
-[Chun-jae] Stop it. Stop.
Uh, Doctor…
I'm so curious. How did Chief Hong
come to your aid last night?
I'm glad he did,
but were you two there just the two of you
that late at night?
This I should hear.
[Chun-jae laughs]
-[sighs]
-[Nam-suk] Right?
You guys showed up here together as well.
-[all chuckle]
-Oh, my gosh.
[Nam-suk] I have to say,
the curiosity is killing me.
-[all laughing]
-Wow. What's so funny now?
[laughter continues]
[Nam-suk] We're just wondering.
That's all.
-Gosh.
-[Chun-jae] So?
[seagulls cawing]
[Du-sik] Is it just me, or is everyone
more worried about you than me?
[Hye-jin chuckles]
Why do you keep following me?
You'll end up at the clinic at this rate.
[Du-sik] That's where I'm heading.
[Hye-jin] Why?
To get a free cup of coffee. Today…
[clears throat]
I'm craving instant coffee.
That's true.
Our instant coffee is pretty good.
-[both chuckle]
-[Mi-seon] Hye-jin!
[Eun-seol] Du-sik!
[Du-sik] Hey, Eun-cheol.
[Hye-jin] Mi-seon.
How come you're here together?
We both heard
about what happened last night.
Are you all right?
Why didn't you say anything
when I called last night?
[Hye-jin] I didn't want you to worry.
I'm fine, so don't worry.
Your mother, how's she doing?
[sighs]
Her surgery went all right.
It's all thanks to you.
That's a relief.
I told you to stay by her side.
Why did you hurry back here?
Well, I'm glad I did.
After that horrible thing last night.
[sighing]
[Mi-seon] I won't leave you ever again.
I'll be right next to you
as if we were joined at the hip.
-[women sobbing]
-[quirky music]
[Du-sik] Talk about déjà vu.
Tell me about it.
Are you all right, though?
I heard you hurt your arm.
-[groans]
-Where? Where does it hurt?
-Which--
-Let go.
[women sobbing continues]
-[Mi-seon] Were you terrified?
-[sniffles]
-[Eun-cheol] Are you crying?
-[Hye-jin] It was scary.
-[groaning]
-[women crying, murmuring]
[Mi-seon exhales]
Okay.
[music stops]
So what's the deal with Officer Choi?
Hm?
[sighs]
Well, he drove me
to the hospital in Seoul.
He was right there
until my mom came out of surgery,
and took me here after.
What?
That's way more than just a friend.
When he was sitting with me
out in the hall,
I was thinking of older times.
When my dad was hospitalized,
Pil-seung never visited his room.
He was afraid that
marriage would come up in there
-if he went to meet them.
-[thuds on table]
[sighs]
I still think that
killing him would've helped.
At first, it was Eun-cheol's looks
that I was drawn to.
I've got a real weakness for guys
who look like Hong Kong movie stars.
-[chuckles]
-But now I'm in trouble.
I think I'm in love with him.
Wait. Well, that's a good thing, right?
[exhales sharply]
[mysterious music]
Yeong-guk,
I've never had any romantic feelings…
for you.
I still hope we can continue being
good friends like in the past, you know.
[Hwa-jeong] You'll never know
why I wanted a divorce.
Fine. Let's keep it that way forever.
Just live your life.
[sighs deeply]
[grunts]
[quirk music]
[gasps]
Oh! You startled me.
Why do you look like you've seen a ghost?
[groans]
Damn it.
-The stress could actually kill me.
-[scoffs]
Always the scaredy-cat.
So why are you here?
Only official business with the city, sir.
Is that so? Well, then, sit down, ma'am.
[Yeong-guk sighs deeply]
[moans]
I'm sure you're aware of the unfortunate
incident last night. The one where the--
Yeah. I mean, yes, ma'am.
So the chiefs of the zone
and area discussed,
we voted and decided to create
a civilian patrol unit.
And that's final.
So you discuss it with City Hall
and get a proper security camera,
alarm bells, measures like that.
-Talk to me.
-[Yeong-guk sighs]
Okay, sure.
Don't say yes. Just push it through.
I'll be counting how long it takes
your office, starting right now.
[exhales heavily]
Hey, ho… hold on a second.
Are you going?
I said my piece, so why should I stay?
'Cause I'm not done.
There's…
There's a very private matter to discuss.
-What you said yesterday--
-I have nothing more to say.
-Hwa-jeong, please. Just--
-[Hwa-jeong] Hello?
Hey, Yun-gyeong.
Yes, sure thing.
I should be there today.
Yes, of course. Got it.
What is it? Huh?
Hey, what the hell's going on?
You can just tell me what's going on.
It's driving me nuts!
Just tell me. Tell me already!
[sobbing, whining]
Fix it for me already!
[Bo-ra] Dad, please!
-[sobbing]
-Bo-ra, come on.
How can you act this way
when your parents would work their fingers
to the bone to provide for you?
[hisses]
I-jun, I can handle her.
I'm confident and relaxed.
Basically, a saint.
My game! My game!
[sobbing]
What's with this quiet yet familiar scene?
-Hm.
-[I-jun] Hi, Uncle Hong.
[Du-sik] Hey, I-jun.
Bo-ra, who on earth upset you, hm?
Uncle Du-sik,
my dad won't fix my game console.
Ah, is that so? Is that what upset you?
-[Bo-ra] Yes.
-Oh, my.
Look at those big tears.
But you should know,
your father would love to fix it.
It's just beyond his skills.
-[sobbing continues]
-Your dad's a fool.
Against all disturbances,
-I will not lose my cool.
-I'm smart, though, okay?
I'll fix it.
Where'd it go? I-jun, can you hand it?
[Du-sik] Ah, thank you.
Let me see. So this is it,
and, uh… screwdriver.
You seem fine for someone
who got poked with a knife.
-Disappointed, huh?
-[Geum-cheol] No.
Happy for you, that's all.
I guess I was pretty worried.
-I have an order to place.
-Don't.
-Well, it's, uh…
-[Geum-cheol] Hey, Yun-gyeong.
Uh-huh. I called to say that
I'm closing up my hardware store for good.
-[Du-sik] Look at that.
-Ah. If you're busy, let's talk later.
-Mm, uh…
-And I love you.
-[Du-sik] It's--
-[phone beeps]
-[Geum-cheol] Don't say it. Quiet.
-Uh…
-I'm relaxed.
-[Du-sik] Your dad is what?
-A fool. And I'm what?
-A saint. Merciful.
PLACEMENT OF ORDER
WINDOW LOCK
[whistling]
[chuckles]
Hm… Oh!
[Du-sik] Isn't that Director Ji's car?
[waves gushing]
[phone vibrating]
WRITER WANG
Hello?
[Ji-won] Have you lost it?
How can the lead director
a no show for the edit?
You're right, I have lost it.
[Ji-won] What's up?
Where are you right now?
[Seong-hyeon] In Gongjin.
What? Why are you still there?
No way.
Does this concern your good luck charm?
Dr. Yoon?
[somber music]
[sighs deeply]
I've known you for seven years,
but I've never seen you this way.
Seong-hyeon.
A ship without its Captain is lost, okay?
Sorry.
Ji-won, can you cut me some slack?
One day, that's all.
Starting tomorrow,
I'll pull myself together again.
Fine. Just today.
After this, we need you focused.
[line disconnects]
[somber music continues]
[exhales heavily]
-[sighs]
-[phone thuds]
Will I always just be a co-worker to you?
CHIEF HONG
But he doesn't have any relatives.
Is he hosting the memorial service alone?
[knock on door]
Aren't you done?
I've got a few things to wrap up first.
You're off now.
Should I stay longer?
Ah, no. You must be tired
from the long night,
so go home and rest.
Then come home before it gets too dark,
and call me if you need. I got you.
Got it. Uh-huh. See you later.
Mm.
[sighs]
[wheels rattling]
[Mi-seon gasps]
[distant car whooshes]
Ms. Pyo.
[box thuds]
If you have some time now,
would you wanna go for a coffee?
[Mi-seon scoffs]
Didn't you say coffee?
Well, that's just something
people say, you know.
I prefer herbal tonic drinks.
[chuckles]
Uh, anyway, I asked you for a coffee
to tell you something.
I have something to say to you.
Pardon? Then you should,
you should go first.
Okay.
Uh…
I wanted to thank you again
for what you did for me yesterday.
There's no need to.
I just did what I had to do.
Right. You, uh, protect and serve. Yeah.
And for that reason,
you offered me your service for two days.
Am I right?
Sorry?
I've dated my fair share of guys.
I took, uh, offense
when you said I go fast.
You were right, though.
And that time,
my feelings for you weren't serious.
However…
[clears throat]
…those feelings grew into something more.
I'm scared that… that they might grow
as strong as marinated ox bone soup.
But that's not me, you know.
-Ms. Pyo, I--
-So I…
So I…
I have decided to put aside
how I feel for you.
Eh?
I'll try to keep a little more distance
for your comfort.
So then for you,
you'll… you'll be comfortable
and only consider me one of the citizens.
[Mi-seon chuckles]
[somber music]
[door opens]
[door closes]
[sighs]
ASSORTED JEON FOR SALE
[somber music continues]
[dog barking]
[somber music]
What, is he inside?
-[Du-sik] No, I'm out here.
-Oh! Oh, my gosh!
Oh, you startled me.
Don't sneak up on people like that.
Is spying and being shameless your talent?
You're in my yard.
Why are you here?
You said it's your
grandfather's service today.
You can't cook since you hurt your arm,
so I picked up some jeon--
Chief Hong!
-Hey, Dr. Yoon.
-Hello, Ms. Yeo.
What brings you here?
I cooked these as a snack
but made way too much.
I thought you would enjoy them.
[Du-sik] A snack? This is too much.
[Hwa-jeong] It's really nothing.
Starting from the bottom…
-Okay.
-There's beef jeon, zucchini jeon,
-croaker jeon.
-Croaker.
Pollack jeon, tofu jeok,
and also you'll find some flat meatballs.
Nothing, did you say?
It doesn't get more luxurious than this.
This is the least I can do.
Buying his shop
turned my family's fortune around
20 years ago.
[Hwa-jeong] We'll return
the favor for generations.
Is I-jun on board with that?
I-jun's motto is to carry
one's gratitude beyond the grave.
-[Hye-jin chuckles]
-I'll get going then.
Thanks, Hwa-jeong.
-[Hye-jin] Have a good day.
-Bye.
-[Du-sik] Thanks! Bye.
-[Du-sik] Thanks!
-Bye.
So what'd you come here for?
[stammers]
I, uh…
-brought some jeon--
-[Gam-ri grunts]
-[Gam-ri] Goodness.
-Hello, ladies.
[Du-sik] My gosh.
Ms. Gam-ri, what is all this?
-Give it here.
-Chief Hong.
It's red snow crab.
-[Du-sik] Let me take that.
-[Nam-suk chuckles]
You're supposed to serve octopus,
but it's a closed season now.
So I steamed some crabs instead.
-[exhales]
-I seasoned some vegetables for you.
-Ms. Mat-i.
-[Suk-ja] Chief Hong,
I made beef radish soup.
But careful, it's still hot.
[Du-sik] Ms. Suk-ja,
this must've been heavy.
-I got you some pollack and halibut.
-[Gam-ri] Ah…
-Thanks, Nam-suk.
-[Nam-suk] Sure.
[chuckles]
I brought some jujube and chestnuts.
Geum-cheol peeled the latter for you.
[Du-sik] You brought this over yourself
-when you're almost due?
-[Yun-gyeong] It's okay.
-[Chun-jae] Du-sik.
-Hey, Chun-jae.
These are apples and pears.
-I just found them on the street.
-[Mat-i] Goodness.
-[Du-sik] Watch it.
-[Chun-jae chuckles]
Since I can't cook,
I bought some hangwa and yakgwa for today.
[laughter]
-Hey, Dr. Yoon. You're here.
-Yes, hello there.
-[Du-sik] Everyone knows…
-[sighs]
…everything in this neighborhood,
don't you?
-[Chun-jae chuckles]
-[Suk-ja] As if it's anything new.
[laughter]
[Chun-jae] Shouldn't you get on with it?
[Du-sik] Yes, I should.
Do you need any help?
[Du-sik] No, I can handle it on my own.
Thanks, everyone.
[chuckles]
[Nam-suk] It's nothing new.
[laughter]
[music fades]
I can't believe what I'm seeing.
Are you really the dentist I know?
Did someone replace you
with that cone or something?
-That's a really lame joke.
-[laughs]
Stop goofing around and take this.
Oh. Just a second.
What are you doing?
Didn't you buy this for my grandpa?
I did, but--
You got it from the market, right?
My grandpa especially loved
their perilla leaf jeon.
You sure have an eye for good food.
[wistful music]
MAY YOU REST IN PEACE
I should get going.
Enjoy your time with your grandfather.
[Du-sik] You can stay if you want.
[Hye-jin] What?
If you want.
[wistful music continues]
[Du-sik exhales]
[wistful music]
[sighs]
Grandpa.
[laughs]
They brought a whole feast, didn't they?
Everyone in the whole neighborhood
came and contributed something.
Please enjoy whatever you want.
There's a lot that you like, so…
Would you like to say hello?
[wistful music continues]
[Hye-jin clears throat]
Uh, hello, sir.
I am Hye-jin Yoon.
A 34-year-old dentist by trade.
-I hope we get along.
-[Du-sik claps hands]
What's with the introduction?
I'm saying hello.
[laughs]
[Du-sik] We'll eat in ten minutes.
He was always a bit
of a fast eater, really.
[Du-sik slurps]
[munching]
So, Chief Hong, you spoke in an accent.
Well, I'm from here. I talked like that
when I was a little kid.
[Hye-jin] Right, of course.
-[music fades]
-[chopsticks clink]
Snow crab at a memorial service
is a rare sight for me.
[chuckles]
It's my first time serving it.
He really used to love it, though.
I see. You two must have had
different taste.
You told me you don't like snow crab.
Me? I don't?
What? But that's what you said last time.
[Hye-jin] What should we have? Snow crab?
-[chopsticks clink]
-No. Something else.
Ah! I just didn't wanna do all that work.
I enjoy crab,
but peeling it is so annoying.
And there's so much else to eat.
I see.
[Du-sik munching]
[quirky music]
What?
Did you just…
peel it for me?
Well, it must be even more annoying
with that injured arm.
-Well, then thanks.
-Mm.
[crab shell cracking]
[quirky music continues]
Oh.
[laughs]
You planned this all along.
I didn't, though. Oh, it landed near
your right dimple, though.
-Where?
-Here.
-Here?
-[Hye-jin] Eat it. There you go.
[groans]
-[crab shell cracks]
-[Du-sik yelps]
You're doing this on purpose, admit it.
-Of course, not. It's an accident.
-[Du-sik] Aren't you?
Really. Really.
It won't happen again, enjoy.
Really?
Shrimp and crab
are just too annoying to eat, huh.
Compared to the effort,
the result is too small.
It's still delicious, though.
I know. Come to think of it,
my grandpa is the only one
who's ever peeled them for me.
Right. But peeling these
are a true hassle.
It takes a lot of love
to do this for someone else.
[quirky music]
[Hye-jin] Uh…
However, however, right now,
this is a special occasion.
It's my fault you got injured.
Oh, I know. It'll take a month to heal.
Ah, the pain.
-Eat up.
-Mm.
It's good.
-[sighs]
-[quirky music continues]
[Du-sik] It's really good.
[clears throat]
[exhales sharply]
Wait. I'll walk you home.
Oh, you don't have to.
You have a lot to tidy up.
[Du-sik] Forget about that.
It's dark outside. Think of last night.
I live right around the corner,
and Mi-seon's home,
so I can call her and walk.
Yeah, okay. Still though--
No, don't walk me out.
Bye. Don't walk me out.
[Du-sik] But…
[exhales sharply]
[Hye-jin sighs]
Did I really say "love"?
[sighs]
What the hell was I babbling on about?
Oh, I should sew my lips
together for good.
Hey, Hye-jin.
[Hye-jin] Seong-hyeon?
Were you waiting for me?
Yeah.
[nervous chuckle]
You should've called.
Seoul was good then?
What? Oh, my trip. It was good, yeah.
Hye-jin, I asked you to spare some time
once I got back from Seoul.
Can you spare it now, do you think?
Or is it…
-Right now?
-[Seong-hyeon] Yeah.
We should eat. I'm hungry.
[chuckles]
Sure.
[Hye-jin] I'm sorry about this.
I already had dinner.
Are you okay eating alone?
[Seong-hyeon] Yes, of course.
Go ahead before the ice melts.
Okay.
[inhales, exhales heavily]
[clears throat]
-Hye-jin.
-Yes?
-[crickets creaking]
-[stammers]
Hye-jin.
Yeah?
[chuckles]
I…
[sighs]
Hye-jin.
[chuckles]
Yes, that's right. I'm Hye-jin.
[Seong-hyeon chuckles]
Right.
Oh, boy.
[sniffles]
I'm sorry to ask, but…
but could you say "Action" for me?
Say "Action"?
Yeah. I practiced this whole big speech,
and now I…
[exhales]
…I'm discovering it's hard to start.
Can you cue me into it?
I don't know what this is about,
but here goes. "Action."
[chuckles]
[deep inhale]
Hye-jin, there's one thing
I regret in life, and that's…
[gulps]
That one thing is…
What is it?
[stammers]
It's, uh…
It's that, uh…
Could it be one…
Yeah?
Are you in financial trouble?
[stammers]
No, no. Not at all.
If that's the trouble,
I might have some funds still in due if…
Not telling you my feelings.
[wistful music]
I've been regretting not telling you
about how I felt 14 years ago.
Uh…
Then I ran into you again in Gongjin.
Uh, and I thought a long time on it, and…
I couldn't tell if the butterflies
in my stomach were due to how I felt
or if they're my current feelings for you.
The conclusion I came to is this.
-[deep inhale]
-[wistful music continues]
I like you a lot.
Just like I did all those years ago. No…
Even more than then.
I like you, really… a lot.
[wistful music continues]
Oh, gosh. Don't…
I didn't want to burden you.
Nor do I need
an immediate answer from you.
I just wanted to tell you
before it was too late.
I didn't want to regret it again.
[wistful music]
Cut!
[Seong-hyeon laughs nervously]
My gosh. Yeah.
All right, I can finally eat now.
I guess, I'll go ahead and eat then.
-Sure. Go ahead.
-[Seong-hyeon] Okay.
[sighs]
This looks delicious.
[slurps]
[moans, chuckles]
It's so good.
[Seong-hyeon slurping]
Mm.
[pensive music]
[Du-sik chuckles]
My friend…
she was a bit loud, wasn't she?
That's just how she is.
She's very talkative sometimes,
and giggly too.
[exhales sharply]
It's really so easy to get distracted
when you're around her.
[sighs]
Although…
you're so alone without her.
[Du-sik sighs]
[music fades]
[door closes, lock beeps]
-[Hye-jin sighs deeply]
-[Mi-seon] What took you so long?
Oh, Seong-hyeon and I got some dinner.
He was waiting for me outside.
Waiting for you at this hour?
Why? To confess his feelings?
[sighs]
Mi-seon.
Get ready for a career change.
You're firing me over one little joke?
Not that. I mean, you should start work
as a fortune teller.
Really?
Right? What did I tell you?
I told you Seong-hyeon
had feelings for you.
Wait. You're not happy about it? Why not?
[inhales, exhales heavily]
It's just a little complicated.
Complicated how?
He's from a nice family,
and has a good job,
and a great personality.
He's the man of your dreams. Huh?
Besides, you, you liked him once too.
Fate brought you together again,
and at long last he confessed.
So what's the problem, huh?
It's just…
[clears throat]
Because of Chief Hong, right?
Seriously?
No, it's not.
[clears throat]
Anyway, what's up with you?
How's, uh…
How are things
between you and Officer Choi?
I told him I would back off.
-Huh?
-He's right, you know.
I don't take relationships seriously,
and I'm scared of commitment.
[gasps]
He's really the one you fell for, though.
I think it could really turn
into something serious.
You're really letting him go?
[exhales sharply]
What's with us both?
[exhales heavily]
[groans]
No wonder we're friends, huh?
[sighs]
[Hye-jin scoffs]
How about we go to Seoul this weekend?
Seoul?
I mean, we'll never get our minds off
all the stuff out here.
And I could really use
a little diversion, you know.
We could go shopping, get some good food.
Sure. We could get a hotel too.
-Yeah!
-Yes!
[giggling, squealing]
Let's do this! We're off to Seoul!
-[upbeat music]
-[Mi-seon and Hye-jin squealing]
-[laughter]
-Yeah!
I'm stoked right now.
Where should we stop first?
Isn't it obvious? Your mom's hospital.
No. No, no. A bunch of my family's
already there with her.
Besides, she got sick of me after
seeing me for two whole days in a row.
Really?
Then we have the whole day.
What's the plan?
Shopping? Uh… Uh, no.
How about a hotel pool?
Ah, ah, no. Let's go
and find a massage at the spa.
Why choose when we can do all of them?
Seriously! I love your perspective.
[both giggle]
Hey. So…
you did your hair for our trip to Seoul.
Those are some very pretty curls of yours.
I know. The curling iron
worked well today…
-[screams]
-What? What? What? What?
-Oh, dear. Oh, dear.
-[Mi-seon] What is it?
Ah, shoot.
I forgot to unplug it afterwards.
Huh?
What do I do? Should we head back?
Unbelievable.
What? What are you doing?
Who are you calling?
-Hm.
-911?
No, Chief Hong.
Ah, there's always Chief Hong.
Hmm.
No. No, no, no.
No, no, no.
Don't call Chief Hong. Hang up!
-Hey, don't!
-Chief Hong?
Don't! No! Oh, no, no. Hey, hey, hey.
[Hye-jin screaming]
Don't!
Is that Ms. Dentist? Tell her quiet.
[Mi-seon] Chief Hong,
could I offer you an easy job?
What is it?
Could you go to my place right now,
enter Hye-jin's room,
and go and take the cable running
from the curling iron
and just unplug it for us?
What? You've got to be joking.
You're capable of that.
-We're currently far away from the house.
-[sighs]
[exhales sharply]
How far?
[Mi-seon] In Seoul.
You went to Seoul? For how long?
Till tomorrow.
So please help us out this once.
You wouldn't let us burn down
Ms. Yeo's house, would you?
Uh, all right, I'll get it done.
That's all you need, right?
-Yes! He'll do it.
-Uh, yeah. No, no. Hold on, hold on.
Uh, Chief Hong,
all you need to do is enter the house,
take a left, and unplug the curling iron.
-Don't look at--
-[line beeps]
He hung up.
[gasps]
Ah, whatever.
[Mi-seon] Yes, whatever.
Let's just go.
-[upbeat music]
-[both cheering, giggling]
-Heck, yeah.
-[giggling]
[upbeat music continues]
[exhales heavily]
Who knew I'd be doing such menial work?
[quirky music]
Just stay calm. You expected this.
You didn't ever really expect her
to keep the house pristine.
It's okay.
Ah! Damn it.
What the hell?
[quirky music continues]
Are you kidding me?
I can't believe they wasted my time.
[grunts]
[groans, grunts]
[sighs]
All right.
[warm music]
Here too.
Good.
And now…
[soft chuckle]
All done.
[exhales sharply]
[warm music continues]
Hye-jin, look. Look at this. Huh?
How does it look?
It's adorable. It's great for you.
Right? I guess I have my figure to thank.
I should still try it on, though.
[Hye-jin] Sure.
There's a fitting room over there.
[Mi-seon] Really? Just a second.
This is adorable.
[chuckles]
[upbeat music]
It'll look good on him.
-Hm.
-[Mi-seon] Hye-jin!
[gasps]
Huh?
That's nice. Can you spin?
Wait. Like this? Like this?
It's very pretty. It's lovely.
[Mi-seon] No, this isn't the one.
Let's go over there instead.
-[Hye-jin] Mm-hm.
-I bet they have prettier ones.
[Mi-seon] Hey. What do you think of this?
[murmurs cheerfully]
It's a nice shade of purple.
You should check it out.
[Hye-jin humming]
[upbeat music continues]
-[Mi-seon] Hm?
-[Hye-jin chuckles]
How is it? Is it good?
[Suk-ja] Mm. It's so good.
I wouldn't even notice
if all the others have stopped breathing.
-[laughs]
-[Mat-i] Must you always be that annoying?
Do you fantasize about seeing me die?
I only said it as an expression.
Ms. Gam-ri, how is it?
Why do people even have
something like this?
It's sickly sweet
and too cold for my teeth.
How come you like it the most then?
-[Suk-ja and Mat-i laughing]
-It's only because it's so hot outside.
[laughing continues]
[chuckles]
Where's the ladies' room, by the way, huh?
[Du-sik] It's right over there.
Mat-i, I'm coming with you.
Why on earth would you
follow me to the restroom?
-[Suk-ja] I want to go too.
-[Du-sik laughs]
I should get the new dishes.
[Du-sik groans]
-That hurts.
-Of course, it does.
I'm sure you were aware of that
when you took the knife for her?
The situation called for immediate action.
Du-sik, you have feelings
for her, is that right?
Ah… Not this again.
We're just friends. Friends, that's all.
[scoffs]
I turned 80 years old this year.
[Gam-ri] All my life,
I've been diving under water,
fishing out abalones and sea urchins.
I can see your heart like I see
abalone shells underwater.
She has taken up all the space inside it,
so why on earth are you fighting it?
Du-sik, life, to you, might seem long,
it really isn't so.
Throw away all the unnecessary thoughts.
Look at your heart and be honest with it.
Okay?
[seagulls squawking]
[gasps]
[waves crashing]
HWAJEONG RAW FISH RESTAURANT
[Hwa-jeong] Cho-hui!
[Hwa-jeong chuckles]
It's a little early for dinner,
but it's better than having it too late.
I was hungry anyway. Thank you.
I hope it's not too salty.
[Cho-hui blows, slurps]
It's perfect.
-[Hwa-jeong chuckles]
-[chair scrapes]
So, I heard from the officers that, um…
that you went to the station
to report that man.
I'm grateful.
I'm just glad he was caught.
It could've been terrible
for you and for Dr. Yoon.
Yeah.
So how are things since?
How's your mother? I remember
she collapsed a few years ago.
She passed away last year.
[Hwa-jeong] Oh.
She needed more help after her accident,
so I took care of her.
Your mother must've tried very hard to
stay by her daughter's side a bit longer.
It must've been hard on you too.
What about your brother?
Don't you have one?
He went to the United States
about ten years ago now.
[chuckles]
So it's just you.
Loneliness must have drawn you back here.
[somber music]
You used to love eating seokbakji.
I still remember
when you first rented our room,
and how much you would eat.
[laughs]
You remember that?
It must be because
I value eating the most.
I tend to hold on
to food-related memories.
Meanwhile, Yeong-guk gets so down
whenever the seasons turn.
No wonder we don't get along.
Hwa-jeong,
Yeong-guk and I just--
I heard.
But what happened isn't your fault.
[I-jun] Mom!
[Yeong-guk]
Why keep the floor this slippery?
Ms. Yu!
Hi, I-jun.
-Hello.
-[Hwa-jeong laughs]
I-jun, did you have fun today?
-[Hwa-jeong] Hey.
-Uh, hey.
Do you want some food?
Uh, I have urgent business
and should get going, so…
-Have fun. Have fun.
-[thumps]
[classical music]
[Yeong-guk groans]
[laughs]
It's fine.
He won't die, go on.
[classical music playing]
[Mi-seon] Mm.
It sure is nice to be here.
Now I know why everyone wants
an apartment right here on the Han.
Is that so?
What's "ah"? Why so indifferent?
Maybe, it's 'cause…
I've been away for too long. But the Han
is a lot smaller than I remember.
[Mi-seon] Hm?
I mean, compared to the ocean
I'm always looking at in Gongjin.
Mm.
We haven't had a course dinner in ages.
[Mi-seon] Oh, gosh. The smell of butter.
Hye-jin, we're having lobster. Mm.
I love my life. I really do.
Mm.
-[Mi-seon moans]
-[laughs]
Why are you giggling?
Oh, it's just that the lobster
reminded me of something.
Recently, I had red snow crab
with Chief Hong.
[chuckles]
And the meat
went on his face when I cracked the shell.
[Hye-jin laughs]
That was so funny.
You haven't tried them, have you?
Uh, they're much better
than imported lobsters.
Maybe it's because it was directly
from Gongjin Harbor,
but the crab meat was so sweet and soft.
There wasn't any sauce,
but it was still so good.
[gasps]
[chuckles]
[quirky music]
-Hye-jin.
-Hm?
You've been weird today.
How?
You're not yourself.
At the department store,
you acted like you wanted to shop
your credit limit,
but you didn't actually buy
any shoes or clothes.
And all you did was look at men's clothes.
How weird.
What? I don't think I ever…
And even now,
you keep talking about Gongjin.
Gongjin! As if Gongjin's the whole world.
You're right.
[Hye-jin sighs]
So why am I being such a downer?
-Mm-hm.
-[Hye-jin] You know what?
Uh, to get our minds off…
off of that town, let's go hit up a spa.
[chuckles]
Sounds great.
[Mi-seon] Mm…
It's so good. I absolutely love it.
[rain pouring]
[Hye-jin clears throat]
[Mi-seon gasps]
It's raining!
The forecast didn't mention that.
Yeah, it didn't.
But we need to get to the parking lot.
You have an umbrella, right?
-It's not far away, let's just run.
-What?
Why do you keep acting
so weird all of the time?
What?
You've always hated
getting stuck out in the rain.
Feeling soaked and clammy
is your worst nightmare.
[Hye-jin] Are you nuts? I'm all drenched!
[Du-sik] So? Don't you feel refreshed?
No, I don't.
I'm just clammy and all soaked.
So what? Let your hair down
and just embrace it.
[Du-sik] You're bound to meet
unexpected situations in life.
Even if you use an umbrella,
you'll end up getting drenched.
Just put your hands up
and welcome the rain.
[Mi-seon] Hye-jin, what's with you?
["The Image of You Remains
in my Memory" playing]
[Hye-jin] Where'd you get this?
On the street.
-[Du-sik] Are you okay?
-Chief Hong?
So you're okay.
["The Image of You Remains
in my Memory" continues playing]
They're quite warm.
["The Image of You Remains
in my Memory" continues playing]
-[Hye-jin gasps]
-I guess someone got the romance going.
It's unnecessarily pretty.
[Du-sik] Don't go.
Don't…
leave me behind.
Ms. Dentist?
["The Image of You Remains
in my Memory" continues playing]
[man groans]
Ms. Dentist, are you all right?
-[Hye-jin breathes nervously]
-Are you really okay? Did he hurt you?
-[screams]
-[Du-sik] Look out!
-[knife pierces]
-[Du-sik groans]
["The Image of You Remains
in my Memory" continues playing]
[Mi-seon groans]
What's the matter with you?
You just ran out like some crazy woman,
and it's scary.
And to do it in a floral dress like that
looks even crazier!
Mi-seon.
I think I should go.
Go where?
Gongjin.
[Mi-seon] What?
I'll call you later, okay?
[Mi-seon groans]
Oh, my gosh. Yoon Hye-jin, she's crazy!
[breathing heavily]
Ah, so she figured it out.
Congratulations on that.
That's so good!
[breathes heavily]
[exhales]
What am I supposed to do now?
["The Image of You Remains
in my Memory" continues playing]
[music fades]
[waves crashing]
[panting]
[crickets creaking]
Chief Hong!
Chief Hong, where are you?
[phone vibrates]
MS. DENTIST
[line ringing]
[exhales heavily]
-[phone beeps]
-[sighs]
[exhales]
[pensive music]
[exhales heavily]
[water gushing]
[panting]
Chief Hong!
[panting continues]
[Hye-jin] Chief Hong.
Ms. Dentist?
[Du-sik] I thought you wouldn't
be back until tomorrow.
I couldn't leave this until tomorrow.
[waves crashing]
I like you.
[light romantic music]
I've got feelings for you.
I'm one of those people who plan…
every second of their whole 99-year life.
I don't like people crossing the line
or crossing it myself.
And I'm a sucker for expensive shoes.
Sort of your complete opposite.
Oh.
[sniffles]
It's the same with our blood types
and personalities.
I bet we're not compatible in any aspect.
We're probably as different as penguins.
Penguins and polar bears,
so completely incompatible.
But to hell with all of that now…
because I think you're great.
Ms. Dentist, I--
Please, don't say anything.
I'm not asking for anything right now.
I…
My feelings for you
keep burning up my heart.
I'm afraid it could burst
at a moment's notice.
I just couldn't stop it.
["Here Always" by Seungmin playing]
["Here Always" by Seungmin
continues playing]
I don't…
I really can't…
deny it anymore.
["Here Always" by Seungmin playing]
-You like them, then?
-[young Du-sik] I love them, Grandpa.
-I'm gonna play soccer in these every day.
-[chuckles]
Stop staring at those shoes
and, uh… blow out your candles.
-Hm?
-[young Du-sik chuckles]
No, I have to make a wish first.
Please let me and Grandpa
live a long and happy life together.
Blow them out already
before the wax gets messy.
[blows in slow motion]
[Du-sik's grandpa] I won't ask for much,
so please grant this old man's wish.
When Du-sik ends up all alone,
please send him someone
so that he won't be lonely.
Please send him someone
who will be good for him.
["Here Always" by Seungmin playing]
[Du-sik's grandpa] All right.
One…
Two…
Three!
[Du-sik gasps]
The girl on the beach…
was Ms. Dentist?
["Here Always" by Seungmin
continues playing]
[Hye-jin] Can we hold off
being a couple for a few days?
[Du-sik] Are you having second thoughts
now that you have to dump him?
[Hye-jin] I want time to sort out
the past I've had with Seong-hyeon
and the time I'll spend with you.
Hye-jin dumped me.
She says she likes someone.
[Hye-jin] Today's our first day
as a couple, right?
[Du-sik] Were you always
this focused on the physical?
Why don't you lock the front door
from now on?
[Hye-jin] Chief Hong!
[Du-sik] I've lived
for 34 years without you,
but each day seems to last forever
since I've met you, Hye-jin.